# Prologue — What doth life?

We are born, we live, and in the end, we die. Death is a natural part of our life. It's the end, and the end comes for everyone, but much sooner for some than others. It’s hard to deal with the death of someone close to you, be it someone from your family, friend or even someone a neighbour you would usually greet, specially when death comes so fast that it would be impossible to imagine that person who was there, out of nowhere, disappears from your life, and will never be back…

I’ve always been shy all my life, I was never much fond of people, be it because socializing was hard for me or there’s not much interesting things I could say to someone. I was also not very fond of my own family, my older sister Chiaki would usually hang out with her friends at the university, I liked to spend time with my younger brother Masahiro, but he was only 1 year old at the time of my high school, so there’s not much I could have done since my parents attention were focused on him. That’s why I liked to stay in my room and play games on my Dontendo 64, I can say that most, if not all, of my happy memories were when I had a controller in my hands.

	Things changed in the first year of high school, where I made a friend, just like me, he was fascinated by games, but unlike me, he was able to interact with the others, even though he looked worse than I did, wearing a shirt with a pic of his waifu on it, messy hair and a strange smell of potato chips, he didn't feel embarrassed to reach anyone and ask about anything, and I could barely speak to the cashier in the convenience store near my house.

 One day he took me to a tournament for a game we were playing called Ultra Crush Pals, a fighting game like no other, where you have to smash people away of the stage by launching in any of the 4 directions on the screen, all characters have a number instead of a life bar, the higher this number is, the more knockback they will receive from attacks. I was very anxious because there were so many people.

"Hideyoshi, let's go home."

"Oh, don't be afraid Makoto, it's going to be a lot of fun, we'll go there quietly, win, and leave."

When our nicknames were called, we started playing, and in the end we actually won the tournament, Hideyoshi said it was thanks to me, but I disagree, if he hadn't dragged me there, I'd never have had the chance to play, since then we've become “brothers”. We used to go to each other's houses to play video games, read manga or watch anime, we managed to get into the same college and study video game programming & design and achieve the dream of living testing new games that haven't been released yet, in this job we would receive games from companies, try to find glitches and give objective opinions on how they could improve the game, but as most of the companies are close to Tokyo, it would be better if we moved there. Before I left home, I gave my family a big hug, even though they didn't pay much attention to me, they were the ones who looked after me, took me in, fed me and gave me a home. With a fallen tear, I promised that I would be back one day.

	Our life in Tokyo was good, we made a living testing unreleased games. One day, while we were playing the brand new game “Ultra Crush Pals - Clash!” for the Gamesphere, Hideyoshi asked me:

“Makoto, Have you ever thought of doing something besides playing video games, watching anime, eating and sleeping?”

“What do you mean? Wasn't this the life we always wanted to have?”

“Yeah haha, you are right! But like my father told me once, ‘the cycle of a man's life is to be born, have children and die’, I don’t know if I would feel ‘complete’ without having any children or at least had a love in life.”

“I think you are watching too much romance anime, but who would ever want us? Hahaha…”

“For you it’s easy, I don’t think you ever realized but Masako from 11th grade was deeply in love with you, you were always popular between the girls, as for me, I was the butt of jokes, hahahaha.”

“...”

“But it's a really good question, who would ever want me? I’ve met so many people in my life, yet you are the only one who chose to be my friend until now.”

“You are my only friend too… If you need anything, I will support you.”

“Thank you Makoto, I  will find a way to have a girlfriend… I want a girl that loves me unconditionally one day!”

“...”

“NOW TAKE THIS!”

“Whaaaat?? How is his Down Crush Attack that strong?”

“It’s Frodnonag, he is the master villain of “The Legend of Zaza”, unless you pick Yuarel, you're never gonna win hahaha!”

“You laugh now, but later you will cry that my Pinkachu is way better than your  ‘Fraudnonag’ could ever be! Let’s play again!”



	Hideyoshi Haraguchi was my friend since the first day I met him, he was my friend for 8 years. He fell victim to an accident last week, hit by a truck while crossing the road to the convenience store. When they told me about what happened, I was in shock. It didn't seem real at first, I felt normal, but gradually it sunk in. There were very few people at his funeral for someone so energetic. It was sad, in a way that becomes almost mundane, as if he were just one more.

	Gradually, I found myself in exile. I didn't cry, but I felt sadness, an emptiness in my heart, and no strength to do anything, mentally or physically. I tried playing video games to distract myself, but while playing, it only reminded me of my friend who had always been by my side. The apartment remains surrounded by anime and game posters he was obsessed with. I haven't left the house since the funeral. I barely get out of bed, I spend most of my time sleeping or lying in bed, staring at the ceiling of the dark room.

“Why did he have to die?”

The more I asked myself that question, the more I felt like I was drowning, sinking into a dark ocean, until at some point, I was completely surrounded by darkness and simply vanished from this world… That was, at least, what I expected…
