# Chapter 1 — Recipient Absent


*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

“...”

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

“...”

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

I wake up from a dream that I just forgot and hear knocks on the door, feeling sad, sleepy, with effort to get up, carrying the weight of mourning for my only friend on my back, I rise from the bed and go to answer the door.

KNOCK KNOCK TUP

On his last knock he hits my head.

“Oh! I’m Sorry! Are you Mr. Haraguchi?”

“…He is… …not here…”

“But you are, right?”

“…”

“Great! I need you to sign this for me!”

Reluctantly and disheartened, I sign.

“Thank you very much! This is your package!”

I don't know from where or how, but he pulls out a giant box, larger than me and almost as heavy as me. He hands it to me, and I make the greatest effort not to let it fall, but I end up falling on my back on the floor with the box on top of me.

It hurt.

“Have a good day sir!”

Shamelessly, he escapes, leaving the door wide open, and the sunlight so bright that I feel it might burn down my makeshift dwelling of sadness. I remove the box from on top of me and go to close the door.

	After locking the door, I look at the box and carry it to the living room and then go to my bed to sleep, but that box doesn’t let me to, I feel like it is watching me, while I am laid in my bed, I try to read the box, but it only says the address and that it’s fragile. Knowing I would never sleep until I open that box, I get up and go to the kitchen for a knife to open the box.
After examining the box, it really doesn’t say anything about what’s inside, but I discovered it was sent from a company called Happy Ending, the box also has a lot of tape on it, so I use my knife to open the box, As I open it, a memory comes rushing back:

“Makoto, if a package arrives, let me know, and please, DO NOT OPEN IT!”

He's no longer here with me, I really need to see what's inside the box, it feels like the last interaction I could have with Hideyoshi. I finally open it, and to my great surprise, and at the same time, no surprise at all, inside the box there is a:

“Doll…?”

“…”

I'm not surprised that he asks for action figures to decorate the apartment, I'm surprised because this one has the proportions of a real person, and also because she's naked in a way that I can see her private parts, it became obvious that it's an adult doll, and what's even more bizarre is that it's still an anime-style doll, as if she just came out of one of the posters in the apartment, I feel embarrassed just looking at it, but I continue. I start to remove the packaging around the doll, and it's almost a bit terrifying to see up close, it feels like she shouldn't exist, she's a bit heavy but not so much, I would say she’s around 25 Kilos. Underneath her, I find clothes—common girl clothes, I suppose. There's a bra, panties, shoes and a simple floral pink dress. It also comes with a manual on how to take care of her. As I read the manual, I pause, look at the empty box, the doll, and her clothes. I stop and think about what I should do with all of this.

“…”

Anyway, I don't like looking at her naked, so I went to put her clothes on, the hardest part wasn't the rigid body of her, but the bizarreness of me putting her clothes on her, it made me very embarrassed, wait, since when did I start calling the doll "she"? Well, this delivery was for Haraguchi, in a way, it was his last request, so “she” is very important, but I don’t know what to do with her.

	After dressing her, I examined her more closely. She is my height, so I would say she is 1,65 meters tall, with fair and clearly synthetic skin. I touched her arm, which felt so soft it was like a flan. Her eyes are red and made of shiny plastic, I'm not sure if her mouth opens, but I didn't want to force it, “She” seems delicate. I touched her hair, it reached her shoulders and looks almost real, but the very light pink color and the shine gives away that it's fake. After examining her, I “made” her sit in front of the TV since leaving her standing feels “eerie”. I am still depressed, but this little adventure gave me some energy to check my emails on my computer and write reports about the games for the companies.

Working was hard, my reports just feel so pointless without Hideyoshi, we usually would read each other’s reports and check for errors. From time to time I would end up unconsciously distracting myself, because I would remember that he was supposed to be here.  After finishing all the overdue work, I looked at the clock, and it was already 11 PM. I had even forgotten about the doll I left in front of the TV, she had been there the whole time looking at a black screen, her lifeless look made me feel uncomfortable, so I went to my closet to get my Dontendo 64, my first video game that I got as a gift from my family. I dusted it off, connected the cables, grabbed my controller with so many memories I had with it, and chose my favorite game, the one that made me win my first tournament, Ultra Crush Pals. Looking at the doll, I had an idea, I grabbed Hideyoshi's controller and placed it on her lap, with carefulness, I moved her articulated fingers in a way that she holds the controller, and then, Her controller was connected, but I set player 2 as a CPU at the maximum level, I picked my “main”, “Pinkachu”, and for her I chose “Frodnonag”, it was Hideyoshi's “main”. Before starting playing, I went to the small fridge and took a beer, I am not much into beer, but Hideyoshi was, and he was drunk, he usually becomes better at games somehow, but acted as you would expect from a drunk person, I took the beer because it could make me feel better. Once I took the beer, I went to the room and started playing.

	The TV’s screen glow was the only thing that illuminated the apartment, and the only sounds you could hear there were the game’s characters hitting each other, it felt great to me, it was like I had traveled back in time to when I was a child, but with the bonus of having a “friend” to “play with”, because when I was a child, I was the only one in my family that liked playing games. At some point, I started dozing off, it might be around 1 or 2 AM now. With my heart a little warmer, I ended up falling asleep on the doll's lap. I felt a good sensation throughout my body. The only thing I could see was my character's victory screen on the TV. I am laid down on the floor ready to sleep, with my head on the doll’s lap, but it feels somehow comfortable. This apartment is so quiet without Hideyoshi, I feel so alone and lost here, I feel surrounded by darkness, it hurts, it hurts so much, I feel something imploding my heart, I feel weak, my life without my best and only friend feels so pointless that when he died, I somehow died too. I don’t want to die, but I don’t have any strength left to continue my life.

	I started crying, it’s the first time after so many years that I cried, I think the beer had something to do with it, but I don’t care, I just want to be happy again, not having to endure this hell, I want help…

“Please… Someone… Help me…”

I fell asleep in that instant, but something tells me that, in that moment, a shooting star has fallen from the sky like the tears have fallen from my eyes.
