# Chapter 2 — Lovely Disaster


	*HISSSSSSSSSS*

I start hearing something, but I can’t tell what it is… I am so sleepy…

*HISSSSSSSSSSSSS*

Is it… a frying sound?  What is going on…? I want to check it, but my bed is so comfy and warm…

…

Wait, how am I on the bed? Didn’t I sleep on the floor yesterday?

hmm…

I must have drunk too much yesterday and I don’t remember going to bed…

*HISSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

My God, that sound is so annoying, I think I will check it…

I wake up with a bad feeling of leaving my bed that was strangely more comfortable than usual. I go to the Kitchen, there’s a bright light that makes me not able to see what’s there, but once my eyes get used to it, I try to look where is the sound coming from, and then I see someone at the stove, frying something while humming, I get shocked that someone is in my home, but then I see it’s a girl, strangely, she looks like the…

“AAAAAHHHHHH”

I hear her panicking while there’s a huge fire on the stove. Urgently, I get there and push her away a bit to the side, I see that there’s something on fire inside the frying pan, I toss it to the sink nearby and open the tap to end the fire. Pantingly, I ask:

“Are you ok?”

“Yes, thank you!”

When I give her a better look, I get in shock, my heart starts to beat fast, I feel as if my soul left my body.

“I’m so sorry for it, I never cooked before so I ended up burning it, but I will fix it!”

It’s a doll! She is the doll! Her face looks like a drawing! What is happening? Am I dreaming? That could only be the real explanation of it, dolls don’t talk, move or cook… well… this one surely doesn’t  cook.
She now took the dish soap bottle.

“‘Dish… Soap… cleans even the most dirty dishes’… got it!”

She starts forcefully emptying the entire bottle on the pan, I fastly take the bottle from her hands before she empties the entire bottle.

“What? I am fixing it.”

I take a deep breath to put my thoughts in order, she looks me confused, her purposely cute drawn face that should not be able to move makes me panic a bit inside, but then I ask:

“Wh-Who are you?”

“What? You were sleeping in my lap yesterday, how don’t you know who I am?”

“You… are the doll… right?”

“Hey, don’t call me ‘doll’, I have a name.”

I am trying to reason with a somehow talking doll, am I becoming crazy? I need to think about what to do with this thing.
“Ok ok… What is your name?”

I ask it slowly fearing that if I do something wrong something very bad could happen.

“…I don’t know…”

She says it while embarrassed.

“But I know I have a name!”

I put my hands on her shoulders.

“Wait here.”

I went to the living room and checked the box the doll came in, and there was some paper I overlooked, a very small and thin book titled “Your doll guide”, I opened and began to read fastly to discover something important about what was happening. The first page is greeting and thanking for buying her, there was some blank boxes that were manually filled by someone:

```

Hello Mr. Mangobox ! Thank you for choosing us and for acquiring the company of Lady Kozakura       , she is made of the finest material there is, her body is most composed of thermoplastic elastomer, with this special material that imitates the human skin and softness, our dolls are vastly superior at those made of silicon! Should you have any questions, need assistance, or wish to explore customization options about your new love in thermoplastic elastomer, our dedicated	 support team is	 here for you at any time, just	 send us an e-mail! Once again, thank you for choosing us. We hope you and her have a great life!

													May you have a happy ending!

```

Mangobox was the nickname that Hideyoshi used online. So, it’s her name, Kozakura?

“What are you doing?”

“ …? AAAHHH!”

I looked behind me and she was looking over my shoulder, I got scared and fell to the side.

“What happened!? Are you ok?”

She tries to approach me, I just freeze in place, she begins to touch me to “check” if I am ok, her hands are soft, it’s scary, but surprisingly not bad.
“Kozakura…”

“What?”

“Your name is Kozakura…”

“hmmmm, Kozakura…”

She stops touching my shoulder and thinks about it, and then:

“I love it! It is so cute! Yay! I have a name!!!”

She starts jumping around like an excited kid.

“Oh I forgot, sorry!”

She offers her hand to pull me, I reluctantly accept it, she tries to pull me with all her strength, but since she’s so light she doesn’t have much strength I think.

“Oh, I forgot to introduce myself.”

She cleans her throat… Does she have a throat anyway?

“Nice to meet you, My name is Kozakura, but you can call me Koza-chan. Please be nice to me!”

She bowls to me respectfully and gently.

“What is your name?”

“…My name is Makoto.”

“Nice to meet you! It’s a beautiful name!”

“Th-thank you, but how are you talking? How can you move despite being a doll?”

She stops to think for a bit.

“I don’t know.”

She says it in the most casual and carefree possible.

“Please give me a moment, I am going to the bathroom.”

“Okay!”

I walk fast to the bathroom and lock the door.

I take a deep breath, What am I gonna do? She is a talking doll with no explanation for this phenomenon, is it magic? I don’t think she can do anything besides being annoying. Can I sell her? It would give me a lot of money, wait, this is wrong, it’s technically Hideoyoshi’s last wish, I cant dishonor my friend… but that means that I need to take care of this doll? How am I gonna take care of her if I can’t even take care of myself? She can’t take care of herself, she almost burned the apartment, she doesn’t even know why she is here, well, I don’t know why am I here either. All I want is to bury myself in my bed and forget everything, dream and never wake up again…

I know now what to do. I will tell her everything and try to find someone to take care of her. It will be better for both of us, but where can I find someone? Eventually I will find it.

I leave the bathroom and go to the living room, she’s not there, I go to the kitchen, she’s also not there, I try to find her in the entire apartment but she is nowhere to be seen, I get worried and than I see that the front door is unlocked, many bad thoughts enter my head of the worst that could happen, I open the door and I see her going down the stairs, I run to her, this small run already made me panting, how bad is my health?

“Kozakura, what are you doing?”

“I am exploring!”

“Shhhh, don’t yell out loud, let’s just come inside and hope that no one sees you.”

“Ah! Okay”

I grab her hand and we walk fast but quietly to my apartment. Once we reached the door, I tried to open it, but it was not opening. Did I lock it and forget about the key? Oh no, no no no no. Hell! Now I am stuck outside with this doll, being stuck outside is the worst possible thing for a Hikikomori* like me, and being stuck outside with something that no one should be seeing is the worst possible thing that could happen entirely.

“Is it locked?”

“What am I gonna do now?”

“Let me try to open it!”

I give her the way, she tries to open it.

“Wow, it’s really locked, nothing I can do, hehe.”

I somehow feel like I'm losing my neurons when I talk to this doll. What am I going to do now? Wait, there is the window on the back, the kitchen’s window. If I get there somehow I can open the door from the inside…

“Kozakura, please come with me, quietly please.”

“Okay!”

We got to the back of the apartments, luckily no one saw me and the doll. I want to climb up but there’s nothing I can climb on to. I look at the doll at my side and have an idea, I can’t climb on the doll, she is not able to handle heavy weight, but I can make her climb on me, but I am worried that she is not able to open the door.

“Kozakura, come here.”

“Yes?”

I put my back on the wall, interlace my hands in front of my hip, in a way both palms are faced up.

“We need to open the apartment from inside, please step on my hand, then my shoulder and see if you can enter that window.”

“Okay!”

She gives her first step on my hands, she is light, even though she is almost as tall as me, she is around 25 kilograms, half of my weight I think, but I also have difficulty holding her since I don’t do exercises and my body is weak. She steps on my shoulder, I start supporting my body on the wall, she gives another step on my older shoulder.

“Careful to not lose balance!”

“It’s okay Mako-chan, I got it!”

She then jumps off my shoulder and enters through the window.

“Open the front door please!”

Phew, mission complete, I got so lucky that there was not a single living soul to see her, well, I am going back inside. I go back to my apartment, but when I finally reach my apartment’s corridor, my neighbour is there watering her plants, she is an old lady that loves to gossip and will probably ask me about Hideyoshi and I absolutely don’t want to talk about this with anyone. As she water her plants, I very carefully walk behind her so she can’t hear me, she steps back, I press my body against the wall to make myself slim as possible, she then takes a step ahead, I sigh and continues to walk sideways, when I finally reached my apartment, the door opened and…

“WELCOME BACK MAKOCHAN!!”

The noise that she made was so loud that I would be able to hear even if I was 100 meters away. I ran to enter and close the door, gladly the old woman didn’t hear it.

“Is there something, Mako-chan?”

“Come with me please.”

We go to the living room and sit on the floor. She looks at me attentively, it’s curious that she blinks, even though she doesn’t need to, I think.

“Kozakura, do you know how you came here?”

“Hmmm, I don’t know.”

“…” “…”

“What is the last thing you remember?”
“Hmmmm, there was a light…”

“A light?”

“Yes! And it talked to me!”

“It talked to you? What did it say?”

“I am trying to remember, but I don’t recall, but I am sure it said things to me…”

“Got it.”

“And then, I was sitting on the floor, with you sleeping on my lap.”

“So, that’s the last thing you remember?”

“Yes.”

So, she does not remember anything before yesterday night…

“And then, I took you and put you on the bed nearby.”

“Why did you do that?”
“I don’t know, I just felt that I had to.”

This doll put me to bed and tried to cook for me today, but why? Think, She does not remember anything before yesterday, which presumably was the moment she somehow received life, she knows how to talk but still doesn’t know things mildly specific like how to cook or wash dishes, and why is she always happy? That is weird… Also, why me? From all the people over the world, why would it be me having this doll? Wait, this doll was not meant for me, and yes for Hideyoshi...

“Mako-chan, what are the many dolls on the shelves?”

“My friend Hideyoshi was a big Otaku, he liked to buy posters and figurines from his favorite animes and games, he was the one that ordered you.”

“Wow, that is so cool! He ordered me? What do you mean?”

“You were a doll that Hideyoshi ordered through a website, until yesterday night I think, you didn’t move or speak, you were just a doll, but now you somehow have life.”

“What!? So am I a doll?”

She starts to touch her face and realizes that her face is very different from mine, and then she looks at the Hideyoshi’s figures and sees that her face matches with the figures’. She is shocked to the point she is still without doing any movement, shit, I shouldn’t tell her how she came, if someone told me that I was just a doll I would have a panic attack and existence crisis. Here it comes…

“Uwaaaaaaa…”

She starts to cry, even though she is just a doll, seeing her cry is really comovent, I feel bad from hearing it, so I go towards her and try to comfort her.

“Kozakura, I am so Sor…”

Without being able to finish my sentence, she jumps towards me and hugs me, we both fall to the inside of the box she came in.

“I am, so, happy…!!!”

What?

“I was just a doll yesterday as you said, but I somehow gained life, I can move my legs, my arms, I can talk and I don’t even know if I have a throat, but I am here, a miracle happened to me and I am so happy…”

She looks to be crying, but no tears fall  from her face. I guess there is no way that she can make liquids fall from her plastic eyes, she then stops crying, her face resembles someone that just finished crying.

“Mako-chan, I am so happy to be alive!”

…“Happy to be alive”, I don’t know this emotion anymore…

“Why do you call me Mako-chan?”

“Because you are my friend, aren’t you?”

She hugs me stronger, I put my hand on her head due to the tight box.

All of this feels like a fever dream, it does not feel real, not even in the slightest, my long time friend dies and now his adult doll made of Thermo-something plastic is talking and hugging me like if she is alive? I don’t know what is happening, but I feel this is way far from over…
